W-19676031: add tools flag (#231)
salesforcecli/mcp: README.md

   You can also configure the MCP server globally by editing the VS Code [settings.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/configure/settings#_settings-file-locations) file and adding a similar JSON snippet but contained in an `mcp:servers` section.

>    The `--orgs` flag is required and specifies the authorized orgs you're allowing the MCP server to access. The `--toolsets` and `--tools` are used to specify which tools the server will start with. See [Configure the DX MCP Server](README.md#configure-the-dx-mcp-server) for the available values for these flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `--orgs` flag is required and specifies the authorized orgs you're allowing the MCP server to access. The `--toolsets` and `--tools` flags are used to specify which tools the server will start with. See [Configure the DX MCP Server](README.md#configure-the-dx-mcp-server) for the available values for these flags.
```

| Flag Name | Description | Required? |Notes |
| -----------------| -------| ------- | ----- |
| `--orgs` | One or more orgs that you've locally authorized. | Yes | You must specify at least one org. <br/> <br/>See [Configure Orgs](README.md#configure-orgs) for the values you can pass to this flag. |
| `--toolsets` | Sets of tools, based on functionality, that you want to enable. | No | Set to "all" to enable every tool in every toolset. <br/> <br/>See [Configure Toolsets](README.md#configure-toolsets) for the values you can pass to this flag.|

> | `--tools` | Individual tool names that you want to enable | No | This can be used in combination with the `--toolsets` flag |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--tools` | Individual tool names that you want to enable. | No | You can use this flag in combination with the `--toolsets` flag. For example, you can enable all tools in one toolset, and just one tool in a different toolset. |
```

       }
```

### Configure Tools

The Salesforce DX MCP Server also supports registering individual **tools**. This can be used in combination with **toolsets** to further fine-tune registered tools.

> Use the `--tools` flag to specify tools when you configure the Salesforce DX MCP Server. Separate multiple tools with commas. The `--tools` flag is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--tools` flag to enable specific tools when you configure the Salesforce DX MCP Server. Separate multiple tools with commas. The `--tools` flag is optional.
```

This example shows how to enable the `orgs` and `metadata` toolsets, as well as the `run_soql_query` and `run_apex_test` tools when configuring the MCP server for VS Code:

```json
       "servers": {
         "Salesforce DX": {

>            "type": "stdio",

Reviewer: Question (separate from the --tools flag, it's just a question I had while moving these docs to official site):  Is it necessary to include this flag?  I think it's the default behavior.  If so, for simplicity, I think we should remove it.  No need to do it in the README, I'll just do it in the "real" docs. Thx.
